Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. We'll get started. Any other questions before we get started from the group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anything on your mind late night regrets, change of heart, you know.
Antoine: We are. We are going to use Arcade to do a product video unless the wisdom of this group suggest. Otherwise.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It sounds like a prompt for your fellow founders right.
Ankur Toshniwal: What? So what was the question? I I didn't understand it.
Antoine: We are going to use Arcade Arcade dot software. That is a new way to do a demo videos. We haven't done it yet. And so if you guys have any other suggestion, or it's your time to to shine.
Antoine: or one of your times to shame.
Ankur Toshniwal: I haven't tried it, but I've heard great things.
Antoine: We'll we'll report back, anyway.
Antoine: I'm sure some people may at some point want to do some product demo videos.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It'll be required for demo day. So there's that.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I I usually use zoom, I I've tried. I've done it a little bit ago. I don't know how much has come. Come how far it's come since then. But the one of the big issues was like you had to interact with it, which was kind of annoying. Actually, because a lot of users just want to watch a video. So just one thing to note like you can't, there's not a video like loom video often is just like really simple. Whereas Arcade, you have to like it forces the user interact. And some people are on a phone or whatever. So just something to take into account.
Antoine: Yeah, no great, great point. That's 1 of our of our issues. So if any other anyone has any other kind of
Antoine: words of widow. Please please share.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right so I have a fun hat trick announcement to make now it seems like, not only did we have Sylvia with us on this call and harvest, finally introducing themselves. But we've got Trina on the call to introduce our 10th company. Hey, Trina, what time is it over there.
Trina Das: I'm in India right now, and it's 1137 Pm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. Well, thank you for staying up for this, but if you don't mind, this is your class. Introduce yourself briefly. Talk about your company for a second, and then we'll we'll get started.
Trina Das: Sure. Hi, everyone. This is Trina Das. I'm an Indian founder just moved to San Francisco to build trins. Trins is basically a biomedical AI Startup, where we are helping us biomedical labs like diagnostic labs to work with biomedical imaging data to build accurate AI models.
Trina Das: So we are already working with 2, a New Jersey based biomedical labs. And we are working really hard to be like a strong company in the Us. And expand in this space
Trina Das: great to meet you all, and I'm hoping to form some epic friendships and do some epic things together. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Awesome thanks for joining us so late.
Chloe Lannert: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, let's let's dive straight in.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: we're gonna run through this deck. Give you a tour of some key features of basecamp and talk a little bit about our project management philosophy. And then we're gonna jump into a live demo of the tool.
Chloe Lannert: A little bit on the history of basecamp. So it's a Chicago based company with a really close relationship to Neil which will elaborate on during the retreat. But they have a really cool philosophy on Startup building and bootstrapping. Highly recommend giving Jason freed a follow on Linkedin. He's got some really cool stuff coming out, and I really like his approach to to building products. Neil looks like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Has anyone heard of of Base Camp? Anybody here? Have you heard of this company? Yes, okay. I'm I'm getting some nods or 37 signals.
Ankur Toshniwal: They have a lot of good stuff on product product flow. And you know, like how to like, have their like 6 week program, and how they like, how they find.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, for sure. And then maybe for any of the devs out there. Anybody, you know, Ruby, on rails
Neal Sáles-Griffin: familiar with that. Heard of it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the framework that they developed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Antoine. Good job. Yes, paying customer like happy to hear it. So. This is something that I do not, you know, publicize, or
Neal Sáles-Griffin: explicitly advertise at all about me or or our program the programs that I run for techstars? But we have a very deep, special kind of connection and relationship to the company. I've known the founders for almost 15 years now. They made one of their only investments in a business in my business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And Jason and I, the CEO and founder, are friends to this day, and have worked closely together on a number of things. So he's taught me a lot about what they do, and I've incorporated that into not only my work and businesses, but into the investments that I make as well. It's a little bit of an X factor that stays inside the house for my programs, because it's not something I can make accessible to really anyone else, since they are very protective of their time and their information
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but one fun fact about them is as much as they promote bootstrapped and and and talk about, you know, profitability and are seemingly overtly anti Vc.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One fun thing that a lot of people don't know about basecamp is that they actually do have an investor his name is Jeff Bezos.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He made an early angel investment in their business very early on, I think in like 2,006, when you're like 2 years in, it's a fun story. I actually had the pleasure to meet him in Chicago when he came to visit the office and hear more of the story about how they all started to work together. But anyway, a lot more to come on them. And and this business. But it's a really cool, unique feature and aspect of our program that we could offer to you all exclusively so.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: project management as a whole is a really strong passion of Neil's. Probably originating from his relationship with basecamp. It's something we're gonna talk about a lot and something. Our team talks about a lot in terms of making sure we have a really strong foundation. So we can do our work really, effectively and collaborate really, effectively. So if you ever want to dive deeper on your project management setup whatever tools you may use. Let us know. We're always happy to to dig a little bit deeper.
Chloe Lannert: But at the core of our philosophy when we're approaching project management. It's really asynchronous communication. I know we tease this a little bit yesterday, but just wanna reiterate
Chloe Lannert: program is a lot. We we run a lot of sessions we make these sessions effective. But we really value protecting your flow time outside of that. And so we're always gonna default to asynchronous communication outside of scheduled program sessions.
Chloe Lannert: So for our team, what that looks like is we don't do any stand ups. We very rarely do one on one updates and calls, we're able to very effectively keep the rest of the team up to date through asynchronous communication and updates.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: what this means for us and for you guys during program is that people can't take your time away from you. You won't. You aren't gonna get random meetings popping up on your calendar. You can prioritize your days as they make sense for you, and you really get to everyone gets to be good stewards of their own time, and prioritize what makes the most sense in the moment.
Chloe Lannert: So at the core of this asynchronous communication is writing things out effectively and clearly. So this is a skill that for some people is gonna be really inherent and and obvious, and something you're really strong at for others maybe are more technical people. It might be a bit uncomfortable to to default, to written communication, but I promise the practice will be worth it.
Chloe Lannert: It'll land you with better emails. Better copy, better messaging and better communication with your team. Everyone has a chance to level up here.
Chloe Lannert: And this documentation is so important because it's really really effective for for new team members. So for us at techstars, our team has shifted a lot in the last 2 years as we've been working with different funds and running different programs.
Chloe Lannert: And our commitment to written documentation has meant that we can continue to run really effective programs even while bringing new people on board. And we have this huge cache of resources and data to help us
Chloe Lannert: spin new stuff up pretty quickly, and continue to operate at a really high level. So for you guys, a lot of you are bringing on new talent in the near future, I know a few of you have mentioned that as being on your radar, this is a really great tool to make sure that new team members can look through past decision, making processes and understand how you operate.
Chloe Lannert: So instead of a a Zoom Meeting where a decision was made, where you've lost all the context, and you've lost all that information. You can have. New team members go back and understand how you made past decisions and understand the factors that were weighed. The trade offs that you weighed, and they can get up to speed really easily.
Chloe Lannert: and also the wider visibility of written communication versus Zoom Meetings, where you only want to pull in the relevant people. It means that people who you thought wouldn't be helpful with a specific project can jump in and help with new perspectives and new ideas, and it also means that you can take time off really easily and just have other folks jump in where where needed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, just add a quick thing here, Chloe, I think that was really well said, I will. Caveat what we're covering here, and just say that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's important to acknowledge that all of you all have your respective expertise as well, and I'm sure many of you, if not most or all of you are effective managers of your own time and of people on your team. So we're not trying to force feed you a different way of thinking about things. If you have a better way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we promote and and expect you to continue operating as such, we're merely showing you the best way to interact with us during this program. And if that happens to also be beneficial to how you want to incorporate something helpful into your process. That's great. But if not, that's okay, too. This just happens to be a different way of of running things. And what I think a lot of early stage companies that we've seen tend to do so. For example, to highlight something that Chloe said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you heard that right? We have 0 standing meetings.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I have no time on my calendar with my team that is weekly or monthly, or consistent or persistent, because we communicate on a daily basis in written form, and we need to meet, and it escalates to a a live conversation. We have a protocol for how we go about doing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. That gives us so much more time back and allows a lot more creative and flow flow time for us to get stuff done.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful. Thank you.
Sylvia Bouloutas: Can I add something? Something?
Sylvia Bouloutas: Sure.
Sylvia Bouloutas: Yeah, guys, totally. And it's really good for like visibility, I think, for our team, too, just to make sure that we're all aligned with what you guys are doing, what we're communicating with you, and it makes us move like 10 times faster. And you know, I know, like
Sylvia Bouloutas: you're working with so many people here at techstars with your team, etc. So it's really great for all the info to be in one place versus email which can totally get lost. And you know, I think I think it's been super effective for our cohorts especially, and it's a great way like it's the way to ping us. As you know, we're very responsive on there, and always, you know, like we talk internally on there, too, so we wouldn't make you do something that we're not doing ourselves.
Chloe Lannert: We'll get to that. We have a sort of spec alternative within within basecamp, cool and with
Chloe Lannert: like like everything within techstars. The more you lean in the more you get out. So
Chloe Lannert: really leaning in with different content areas like jobs to be done. Kpis managing co-founder relationships. If you need extra support with anything like any of our content areas. And you're really leaning in with the resources we have on basecamp. We have a roster of extra resources that we can share with you if you're sort of committing to the part here and
Chloe Lannert: sort of back end modules ready for you if you want to expand on the core program. So our our core program is is really comprehensive. But we do have some extra stuff. If you do want to add more color to to anything you're particularly interested in. And with that
Chloe Lannert: when you've done the sort of prep work you're able to.
Chloe Lannert: Well, I'll I'll let Neil expand on this, but you can unlock some some additional connections.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah, for sure. So, as you all can imagine, there's a whole world that we could open up for you both in the tech starts network and beyond, in some cases. And while we want to do that for everyone, all the time, we have to make sure that we've we've gone through the right,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, steps to make sure you're prepped to make those either 1st impressions or or follow throughs, so we will literally lay out all the steps needed to unlock a certain activity or session or support. You know. mechanism.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and sometimes that has to do with like I. I let founders schedule a 2 h deep, dive with their customer. Discovery insights with me where I'll literally get into a room with them with a whiteboard, or we'll do it virtually, and we'll go super deep and come out with like really really powerful beneficial insights for either product, development, sales strategy, or both.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But to get a 2 h meeting like on my calendar, like you have to prove that you've done the work to be ready for that conversation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And that's just one example of many examples like that that you could potentially unlock and there's also key connections that we could make to either tier one investors, or, you know, really important strategic people that could be either board members or really help you. And it's not just willy-nilly. We're gonna throw everyone at you whenever you ask. It's certain conditionals that we want to make sure we prep you for properly. So you show up. Well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that's what all of that is about. And then I I guess the only other piece here before we move on to the next slide is just making sure that you all know that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this is not homework
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like we're not here to like. Tell you all what to do, and just give you a bunch of work to be done, and everyone needs to do their work. This is more like, no, these are things that we know for sure help every company that we've ever worked with. If for some reason, there's something that we're asking you to do, that you don't think is either a good use of your time, a waste of your time, or redundant to something you've already done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's remove it. Let's adjust it. Let's change it. By no means will I ever make you feel like you're doing busy work or not spending time in the most high value areas of your business growing. So just make sure that we have an open communication line. If there's ever something that you're not you know, sensing is going to be beneficial to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, getting some thumbs up.
Chloe Lannert: So basecamp is the tool that we'll use for for program but because of
Chloe Lannert: Jason's relationship with Neil, we. We have some little bonus bonus. Add ons, where you can continue to use basecamp for the rest of your company if you so choose. This extends to after program as well. So throughout the examples, I'm gonna show you our sort of baseline tech stores base camp. And then how some companies have been able to leverage it after program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and bringing more.
Chloe Lannert: People.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One caveat here, too, Chloe is. It's it's helpful, for I think founders to use it. If they if they like the platform, you can absolutely use it to run your business out of and use our account.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will recommend at some point for you to develop your own account, because I'm the administrator of our account, so you ultimately wouldn't have full control of it. So I would recommend you developing that at some point. But you can use us as a springboard. In the meantime.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: we're gonna cover some basic features right off the bat you all will be able to play around with this and see this by end of day today.
Chloe Lannert: But to kick us off this is what base camp looks like. This is what my base camp currently looks like. Got a whole bunch of projects. But yours will be a lot more condensed, a lot simpler. We'll run through some some features that are gonna be in yours specifically, I'll also note here. There's a dark mode that I use Neil uses it as well, I think. Love the dark mode.
Chloe Lannert: and base camp is available as a mobile app, a web app and a or and a desktop app. I personally prefer the
Chloe Lannert: web app because I can have multiple tabs open when I'm editing different documents. But that's totally up to personal preference. You choose to interact with it. However, you'd want, and the mobile app is pretty good.
Chloe Lannert: So right off the bat you'll see an Hq. Project. So you'll see the the 2025 spring. Hq. This is the core of
Chloe Lannert: all of our messaging. So this is really really critical for interacting with the team. All of the pre program updates that you've been receiving via email. All that core program information is gonna show up here. So you can check here for announcements to chat with the entire class
Chloe Lannert: all of our full time program. Participants will be there and we'll have lots of documents and resources and files available there as well. Along with some communication channels. We're going to start off with all the full time program participants who have filled out the class roster form by end of day today.
Chloe Lannert: But I can continue to add people as they fill out that roster form. I know that's not due until Friday, so don't stress. If you haven't filled it out, we'll we'll still get you in there as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And to reiterate something, Chloe just said,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're looking at 12 separate cards right now for her. You're gonna have 3,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: probably. So you're not gonna have to worry about as much as what you see right here.
Chloe Lannert: Another one of the cards that you'll see will be your own team project. So your full time team members will be added here. But your part time team members can also be added in here. If you if you so choose you can send me a message with people you'd like to have included on this brio. I know you've been communicating about your part time.
Chloe Lannert: Team members who you'd like in here if you have interns, other employees, engineers, anyone you want to have visibility into your project, we can add them in pretty flexibly, and this will just contain your team and our team. So if you want to message just our team about some like something you want to get feedback on, if you're submitting deliverables, anything like that we'll dive in a little bit deeper. But this is your space to to interact with the team in the program.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, up at the top. We've got our home the lineup isn't super important to how we operate. And then the big one is pings. So pings are like our Dms for any questions or concerns from here on out you'll be able to just ping us directly instead of emailing. And you'll all be able to ping each other as well.
Chloe Lannert: So if it's something that requires more discussion, I'll show you some something called mess message board posts later on that are are better for things that require more discussion or decision making. But if you have simpler one off questions this is a great way to get a quick response. The chat history is messy for pings. So if if it's something you need to refer back to frequently.
Chloe Lannert: I wouldn't recommend putting it in pings, but you can make group chats. You can do one on ones. You can ping each other to set up pickleball when you arrive in ss.
Chloe Lannert: this is this is your like slack, equivalent tool.
Chloe Lannert: Next up the haystack is what they call it, or the hay tab. This is your notifications. So everything you need to be aware of. We're very careful about. What we choose to notify you about. So in basecamp, you can, you can choose who you'd like to to get a notification about things. We'll only notify you when you need to see something so across the board. This is a great way to get caught up on anything you miss day by day.
Chloe Lannert: and is a great thing to to scroll back through as you're
Chloe Lannert: as you're looking through sort of new updates to program
Chloe Lannert: another feature. That that adds things to your your haystack or your notifications. Is this feature called? Don't forget. I I'm a big fan of this when I'm pulling from a bunch of different resources to make a new document, you can just ping. Don't forget, and it adds it back to your notification. Stack.
Chloe Lannert: Don't abuse this. It will get overwhelming. But if I'm collecting resources that I'm gonna use within the next like couple of hours, but maybe up to 24 h I'll add them to this. Don't forget, and I'll be able to come back to them. So if someone asks me a question, but I need to go find some some resources to answer it. I'll add it to my don't forget, and then I'll go find whatever I need to to send them back. Send back to them.
Chloe Lannert: and I'll be able to get that out of my don't forget. So this is for very, very quick action items basecamp search feature is pretty good. You can search through everything you've been tagged in everything that's available to you. So default to that. But this is this is a good resource as well.
Chloe Lannert: Next up this is where you get into the settings 1st and foremost. We're gonna go through how to do this live, but you will need to turn on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Turn off. Email, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Need to turn off emails. Yeah, so they're they're good about the internal notifications. But the external notifications can get really overwhelming if you don't. We also really want everyone to have profile pictures. So we know who who's who, since we have so many people and so many companies within our profile. That is really important to make sure that we're connecting with the right person.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, let's take a little bit of a deeper dive.
Chloe Lannert: So this is inside that Hq project which is like the central operating system of the program.
Chloe Lannert: This is our our last classes, Hq. A sort of town Hall, where we all live and work together. Virtually.
Chloe Lannert: All of the tools shown above are identical to what you'll be seeing in the 2025 Hq. When you're added later today. And they all have different use cases which we'll run through. But the new Sfhq. Will have way, less information in it and more and more will be added as we move through program.
Chloe Lannert: So 1st up the message board, this is where you'll get key notifications and updates from the team. So all of our announcements, important information.
Chloe Lannert: this is where you'll get those sort of pre-program updates or weekly what to expect overviews of of core content for the week. This is only for the program team to post on to share information. Out with you guys.
Chloe Lannert: So in your individual company projects. The message board will be for updates that are specific to your team. You can do, write ups with your team and and message us within the message board. But this in the Hq. Is just for our team to share information. Out with you. You'll also be able to comment questions below below information, and we can answer it within the context of the material that's being shared. So really great resource. There.
Chloe Lannert: Next up, we have cohort support. It's the same tool and same functionality as the message board. But this is for you guys. So Antoine, if you're looking for product, demo tools you can post here, and people can share their experiences with different different tools that they've used in the past different trade offs.
Chloe Lannert: Some people use it to organize social events, get feedback on whether it's a demo or a new product or a website revamp. This is a really great spot for that recommendations, and asks for the cohort that all will live here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, in our experience, this is probably the most utilized component of this entire preview that we're doing for you. So you all communicating with one another about your needs, feedback support thought chains. When you're launching a new product or website, and you want feedback. If you're trying to develop a a strategy of some kind, and you want to talk through it with certain people and get asynchronous responses. A lot of really helpful things happen here so definitely encourage you all to use that as much as you can.
Chloe Lannert: So our docs and files essentially replaces a shared drive.
Chloe Lannert: This is where you can find all of our program, related resources, everything for the full program will be included in this Hq. Docs and files, and then more specific company based feedback will be in your company project. But basecamp can take documents from all sorts of different sources. It's really easy to link in Google drive documents, notion, whatever other resources you may be using.
Chloe Lannert: And you can add whatever resources you want to your company project to stay organized. But this is where the team will be sharing resources for the full cohort
Chloe Lannert: next up is our chat or our campfire. I think it used to be called campfire. The team still calls it campfire, so we always add that in but this is essentially our water cooler, it's a more casual communication. So if you want to to celebrate a recent win or
Chloe Lannert: you just want an award or or something sort of more social that you want to share with the cohort this is the place to do it. The chat history gets really crowded and and goes pretty far back. So it's not great. If you need feedback on anything, things can get lost here.
Chloe Lannert: and then there will never be any expectation that you've read the full campfire. So our team will never post important updates that you need to see in the campfire. That'll all live in message board. But it's a great more casual connection tool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and and and more than just casual. It's also meaning, if you can post anything you want there, that's relevant.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just know that not everyone will likely see it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Whoever's around. Whoever checks the chat might engage in that moment. But it's almost like a real time thing, very similar to slack. So just keep that in mind. Sometimes people will share, like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, a a photo or random meeting that they had with an alum or a selfie, or from an event, or they'll ask a question if somebody wants to go grab lunch or something like that, and it's kind of like a jump ball. So it's a very casual form of just checking in with people, and it's no big deal if if no one ends up replying or responding because you weren't expecting to.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Next up is the schedule. So we'll have our Google Calendar. That'll be available for everyone. And you can add that to your your different forms of calendar, whatever tools you use. But an exact match of that calendar will also be available within basecamp, so that allows for discussion in the thread below each event, and for relevant docs to be shared about each event. So that's an additional resource. If you have any questions about a workshop that's coming up, or anything like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. And and what's beneficial here? And why? It's important that you know we have this cause. It might seem redundant. You're like, we already have a Google Calendar. Why do we need to have a basecamp calendar, too? Reason being, is some of you take notes that are really helpful during sessions and calls. Some of you have follow up questions
Neal Sáles-Griffin: about it, or you end up talking to the workshop presenter afterwards. Maybe they decide to work with you, or become an angel investor, or something like that, and being able to go back to the event itself, and have a conversation with the class about whatever transpired thereafter is actually really helpful for permanence and reference it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So right now, in the Google Calendar, you can't have a conversation about an event.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, it's just there. So this allows us to have a little bit more permanence and documentation for all of you for what you actually experience throughout the program.
Chloe Lannert: Finally, for the Hq.
Chloe Lannert: We have our automatic check-ins for Kpis. So this is a feature where you'll get a notification on Monday mornings to submit a Kpi analysis. We'll go a little bit deeper into what that should look like and and what the expectations are, and the timings there after mentor madness. But this is a great place for people to stay up to date on what other companies are up to, and for our some of our super mentors, who who will
Chloe Lannert: dive into later to to give asynchronous feedback there as well.
Chloe Lannert: and some of our alumni companies still continue using this after program, they'll still share their Kpi updates, which is very sweet.
Chloe Lannert: Next up. Let's dive into an example of a company project from last program. So this is
Chloe Lannert: the same tools that you'll have from the start.
Chloe Lannert: There are no to do's in the Hq project, but there are going to be there's going to be a to do list of sort of action items and deliverables. Within your sort of localized company project.
Chloe Lannert: This is where you know whether you're up to date on everything that you need to do for programs. So everything will have a date attached to it. It'll be really clear what we expect of you. All the details and submission links, whatever that may be, will be included in each to do so. This is your one stop shop to know. If you're up to date on
Chloe Lannert: all the action items we need. So things like the class roster and retreat registration will all appear here? So you know that you're totally squared away in terms of what you need to do for program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and even more importantly for them, like things like investor reveal. So there's things that techsars does where we gather information from you all about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know where you're at, whether you're fundraising how much, and by getting that information through, you know these, you know, assignments that we lay out for you. It allows us to very efficiently communicate with them to offer up you all to the right types of lists and spotlights, and you know, different benefits and events and programming that they have going on globally as well.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely
Chloe Lannert: the rest of it will look pretty similar to an Hq. But the difference here is that this is just for your team and our team versus the full cohort. So we'll have a message board for assignments or deliverables or
Chloe Lannert: resources opportunities that are specific to your company that will appear in the message board here, and you can also use the message board to reach out to the team
Chloe Lannert: or feedback on something that's specific to your company that you don't want to open up to the rest of the cohort. So if you'd like pitch feedback from the team, or have any questions that require a little bit more discussion. You can pop these in the in the Company project message board, and the team will be able to engage. You can also use this to collaborate as a team. If if you want to discuss between team members as well.
Chloe Lannert: For the docs and files same thing as the Hq. Except this will be specific to your company. So things like mentor, madness, feedback, mentor, madness, scheduling stuff. That's only for you that'll pop up here, and you can use it to organize. Whatever documents you'd like to keep track of. As well submit whatever you'd like here, it's really easy to link stuff in so you can stay on top of everything you need for this.
Chloe Lannert: The chat is also really similar to the chat in the Hq. Just with your team, and then we'll also have a boxer door in base camp. So, Neil, you wanna share a little bit more detail about this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So this is the walkie talkie system that Chloe alluded to yesterday. This is how we have lots of conversations without needing to have lots of meetings. We just offer a a quick, hot link to it. Because you can access it both from your desktop as well as from your mobile
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I think I will prove to you the value of this over time. You don't have to take my word for it just yet. But just know that when you think we need to have a 1520, 30 min meeting, I will challenge you to consider a 3 to 5 min back and forth, you know, box of chat, because it tends to save both of us lots of time, and we get to a lot more clarity sooner, and you'll get a faster response rate for most of our team members. If we default to this 1st before we escalate to a meeting.
Chloe Lannert: So that is it for the little overview any questions before we jump into the demo.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Think they got it. We're gonna tire them out.
Alex Nativelle: Maybe just.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Explaining software.
Alex Nativelle: Feature, pricing.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry. What was that?
Alex Nativelle: To use basecamp. What would be the price that we would pay for for such a software?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good question. Let's see, I'm gonna go to the home. Their homepage is really good. By the way, if you want a master class and like effective homepages. Let's see, basecamp.com. What do we charge right now? Used to be 100 bucks a month.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're actually used to be 30 bucks a month, and it went to 100. I was there when they did that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How much does it cost?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pricing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: per user per month? $300 a month.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 15 per user per month, free forever. So you can do one project for free.
Chloe Lannert: And all the.
Alex Nativelle: All the products.
Chloe Lannert: That we're talking about from techstars will, of course, be free to access, and we'll show you a few examples of how companies are using that within the free umbrella.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know.
Antoine: And just if you want to, because Neil Neil has a has a vested interest. So if you want feedback from someone who's been a user of the free version for ever. And who is a paying user of head.com, which is their their emailing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Email, yeah.
Antoine: I'm happy to to provide some. I mean, there's I think the best thing is, take a take a look at it through Textile, and you'll see if it works for you or not. Personally, I think it's it's really good. If you're looking for structure and speediness, it's super fast.
Antoine: it's no frills. The comparison to slack will be interesting for you guys who are users of slack. I think you you'll find that there's a lot of things that slack is actually wasting a lot of everyone's time on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I have a lot of thoughts on that. That will emerge naturally as program transpires, I promise.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you know, long story short here. Mark. I'm not I I don't think I can get you a discount. What I can say is that you can use my account for free until you're ready to pay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And hopefully you graduate to a place where you are very happy because you're it. It saves you more time and money than you have to spend. That's how it should be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Chloe Lannert: Love it alright, let's dive in.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: to just give an overview of what I've got going on in here, we've got the Hq. Which you'll be added to later on. Today.
Chloe Lannert: This is for the new program. It'll be a little bit more bare than the example we ran through already, but it'll it'll fill up as program goes on.
Chloe Lannert: Our team also runs on basecamp. So all of our communications with our team, we've got our bay area. All hands project for higher level strategic stuff. And then our program operations project for all the things we need to do to make sure that this runs smoothly. We've also got a Port Co support project for the 150 odd companies that are still in our network and still need support on a daily weekly basis.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, it's 160 now to be clear like now as of as of yesterday. It's official, you guys are. We're we're up there.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So you'll see that we've got a bunch of people on here. This is lots of folks who have been helping us out from Chicago onwards, who are all available and ready to help companies out. So that level of visibility and being able to pull different people in for different support. Task is tasks is really really helpful for us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: To give them a little back of the office there on the Porto Support Club. I'm glad you called that out. Just so. You all know what happens on our end is we get emails. We get pings, we get Boxers, text messages, phone calls, whatsapp messages, all types of things from founders when they're alumni right? So whenever we get a request, we're building the muscle right now as a team
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to go to that port coast support project in our base camp, and we log, and we have every single company listed that they have their own to do list. Every single one of you is, gonna have your own list that we manage, and when you ask us for something, we put it there
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we triage, and we go. Who can help them with. This is this something Neil needs to do this. Chloe need to do it. The Sylvie need to do it. Do we need someone else to text ours. Do we need one of our associates? Do we need a mentor who is going to help them get this done? And by, when so we get pretty serious about making sure we get back to you on the things you ask for. We're not perfect, and every now and then we'll need a nudge, but by and large this is like our pride and joy is getting back to you with what you ask us to do for you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just know that.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, absolutely
Chloe Lannert: sourcing and selection is how we got you guys here. So this is where Sylvia Sylvia led the charge on getting you all across the line running the challenge series giving feedback. All of that good stuff lives here. And then we've got some.
Chloe Lannert: I I've got some projects from past cohorts which is a phenomenal resource for me to go back to when I'm making these new projects and putting together resources for the next class. I have all of these resources that I can go back to and look at, to
Chloe Lannert: to to fill out the the new resources for you.
Chloe Lannert: So let's go into.
Chloe Lannert: This is an example company project
Chloe Lannert: that we took a look at already. So we've got the same message board the to do lists.
Chloe Lannert: They're all checked off. So that means Morgan. CEO here has successfully completed everything she needed.
Chloe Lannert: Docs and files. She's got some additional resources from different workshops and and sessions. She had with the team different schedules and stuff that are specific to her.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you go back to docs and files real quick, just this is what you all like. Your base camp will look like this by the end of program. It won't look like this in the beginning. This will be almost empty for you. But by the end of the program you're gonna have a lot of these different resources and whatnot linked because we're gonna help you develop these documents. And we're gonna work with you on this stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Little sneak preview of what the end looks like.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, and a little.
Chloe Lannert: We've got the chat as well. Some additional little resources and conversations questions she was asking. This is also a great spot to let the team know that you can't make a session, so it just makes sure our whole team can see
Chloe Lannert: if you can't make it to something, and then we've also got her Boxer door as well. So this is the sort of baseline company project we've also got another example. This is the team that chose to move a lot more of their company operations into base camp. And it looks like this. So a lot more going on. You really can can make the most of basecamp if you choose to. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like just to be clear like this company last program. I've never seen a founder go this hard with like incorporating basecamp into their workflow. But she basically said, like, I'm gonna run my company from base camp. And when she showed me what she did she wasn't kidding. So this is what it looks like when you're like all in. So no, no pressure or expectation for y'all to do this. But if you do decide, you want to take advantage of it. This is a good little sneak, peek of of how far you can go.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely so. She still got the same features here. The message board docs and files text, our studios and our chat. But she kicked it off with a a blueprint of the key strategic questions she wanted to answer with her team. This is how she was tracking her Okrs and kpis her demo day prep. All lived here. Her pitch deck. She went slide by slide and message board post, so she could discuss each slide with her team in detail.
Chloe Lannert: She was putting together a question bank for her fundraise. Kept all her jobs to be done, interviews and and screening criteria and documents through here had her sales, pipeline, collateral, a bunch of other resources she linked in her figma
Chloe Lannert: tons and tons of resources. And how you can do this if you want to experiment. So you can go to setup tools.
Chloe Lannert: My computer will let me.
Chloe Lannert: And you can add more of each sort of feature, so you can add another to do list. If you'd like to do an internal team to do list, you can add another set of docs and files. If you want to keep them more thematically organized. Add whatever resources you'd like.
Chloe Lannert: but that's a little overview of what this can look like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful.
Chloe Lannert: Alright! That's last thing before we
Chloe Lannert: kick off with the end of the demo super critical. Here
Chloe Lannert: you're gonna go to your profile
Chloe Lannert: and make sure you have a profile picture.
Chloe Lannert: And then the really big one change your notification settings.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: this email notifications, this needs to be off for the sake of your sanity and your peace of mind. Make sure that's ticked off and.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You will get upset with us if you don't turn that off. I'm serious, like you're literally get annoyed, and you'll start to blame us and go. Oh, tech stars so annoying. And I'm like we told you to turn off email notifications because you don't want to get emails that are redundant from your base camp notifications here, I promise you can turn it back on at the end of the program, because we stop sending lots of notifications at the end. So then, it's every now and then you'll get notified of something new.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But yeah, I couldn't emphasize that enough. And there's always one person that forgets that we said this, and then gets mad at us in like a week or 2,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I'm ready.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Another great feature that we've got is the when you can choose what time blocks you want to receive notifications during. So with Async work. Sometimes we'll send you stuff later at night, in sort of odd hours, just when we're looking at stuff. We never expect a response out of work hours. So
Chloe Lannert: if you have to go pick up kids or you're spending quality time with your family, and you want to make sure that you're only receiving notifications during specific hours. You can set that so we won't bother you. Outside of whatever your working hours look like. So it's your responsibility to protect your time and protect your notifications. We will never respect an immediate response sort of out of working hours. And this is a great way to to make sure that pieces being protected
Chloe Lannert: cool, alright any questions while I've got the the screen share up.
Antoine: Can you set more than one time range per per day like, for example. For me, it's like
Antoine: 6 to 12, and then or 6 to 3, and then 9 to to to 12.
Antoine: No.
Chloe Lannert: I don't think so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I think so. This is this is part of the the I. I know a little bit more about this choice, Antoine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So they're trying to encourage a certain consistency. And and a lot of the design of this tool is based on how they choose to work. So if you end up reading some of their books and and things like that. You'll learn more about the philosophy here, but trying to encourage more companies to behave, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what they perceive to be respectful ways to, you know. Treat their team members and employees, you know. Well, and that's kind of what that's about. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: lots of customizations are are less afforded for that reason more design constraints.
Ankur Toshniwal: I was curious kind of about integration. We have a lot of we work with, like, you know, we've we have contractors and some of our users
Ankur Toshniwal: in like other platforms already. And you know we don't wanna have to move all of them into basecamp. We'd like to try it out here. It's kind of like what that? Because, like experience, kind of how that flow would work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, Chloe, go into one of the projects real quick. I'll just give on her a little little sneak peek, because they're they're pretty robust with their Api. Go to open a door.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the setup tools and open a door
Neal Sáles-Griffin: at the top. There, yeah, so you can go crazy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You there's a lot you can do for anybody technical here, even body, you know, even if you're not technical but comfortable, just linking up, you know, external services.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a lot of customizability that's baked in to base camp as you see fit. So if you want to play with it, let us know what you do.
Ankur Toshniwal: Awesome. Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, and moving your entire company into basecamp is an option, not an expectation. You can do it if it's if it's right for you. We do expect base camp use for the sake of program, but you can run the rest of your company wherever you'd like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it's not. It's not the coolest. It's not the coolest tool on the block right now, I think notion seems to be the the choice of the the Silicon Valley herd, from what I can tell so far. But you know some of you, Asana Trello. Other stuff, Jira.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's cool. I'm not judging.
Chloe Lannert: So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I have one bonus thing to share with them. Chloe, if you wanna end this screen, share real quick, I'll share this. This is like a little sneak preview.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just know that it's gonna take a minute before you guys are ready to to join this. But I thought I would give you like a little taste of what's to come. So this is the Techsars alumni, Hq.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so there's over 300 founders in here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and those 150 companies, plus 10 of you will be joining here. So what's cool is like, we have every kind of class laid out with each company founders send messages on there on a weekly, sometimes even daily basis, asking for help from everyone, and they get help on all types of subjects and topics. Chloe sends lots of helpful announcements and additional. You know, events and activities.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We have links to all the core techsars, resources, tools, fundraising resources. There's a direct beeline to talk to me as a reminder to everybody you ever want to talk to me, you can. There's fun, announcements, happy birthdays, and cool things that happen. But then there's also like work related stuff, too, and tons of resources and documentation and stuff that'll be somewhat redundant from
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what you get access to during program 2. But just thought I'd show you what's to come soon, and we'll have you all join this before the program ends, probably sooner than later. But we just wanna get your bearings 1st before we overwhelm you with too many different communication, you know, sources and tools.
Ankur Toshniwal: This is the alumni for techstars, sf, and.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All of my alumni.
Ankur Toshniwal: Oh!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's that's San Francisco, Oakland, and Chicago. Historically. So with you all included. That would be 13
Neal Sáles-Griffin: classes of companies which is not an insignificant number.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright! I don't know if I did my job. There, let's see.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: did I end screen sharing, or I feel like I could still.
Chloe Lannert: So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Tlc, I don't even know. I can't see what I'm saying. Okay, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go away.
Chloe Lannert: Can.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Am I that old? Have I not figured out how to do it yet? Shut me down. There we go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, there we go, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, I think that's it.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. So reminders. Once again, you'll get another email pre-program update number 3 later. Today you'll get base camp up access later. Today.
Chloe Lannert: retreat registration, a couple of other reminders in that email. But all of our deliverables that we've asked for up until this point will be in base camp when you get there, so you can check your to. Do's get up to date. Take off anything you've already done, and you'll get a really holistic picture of everything we sort of need from you ahead of that program. Day one. So
Chloe Lannert: that that's it for me.
Chloe Lannert: And we'll we'll see you. Yeah, Antoine.
Antoine: Why did the rest of textile move off to notion or or decide to use notion in the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hmm, sure. Yeah. Happy to clarify that quickly. So we
Neal Sáles-Griffin: before notion, became universally adopted throughout, techstars, there was no, prescriptive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: tool. Everyone just did it. However, they wanted to do it. Some ran their whole program via email. Some ran their whole program in slack. Some did built their own thing for it. Everyone had something different.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the most consistent use case for communication, I think historically, has actually been
Neal Sáles-Griffin: my program with basic because I've been using it since I joined techstars in July of 2019.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Literally so, every single class and every single founder I've ever worked with is in this platform and tool. Tech starts, I think, a couple of years ago adopted notion, but only in the past year did they actually have it, so that there's a company
Neal Sáles-Griffin: organized version of it that they're stemming from. So we actually still use notion a little bit to work with techsars and put resources in. So we may link into some notion resources, and some of the fundraising, like workshops and talks and links to recordings that are techsar Central will be accessible through that, too. But yeah, it's just not a tool that we thought was optimal for your experience. Given how we like to do things.
Antoine: And inversely, why did they not decide to use base camp
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I never asked. I never asked to them to do it. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think part of it is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: everyone likes the ability to customize things, and I think basecamp has more opinionated structure than what a lot of different programs might prefer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So while it for it works perfectly for me, because I've been a basecamp user since 2,008.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think a lot of people probably like having their own way of of managing systems. So. But I really like that question
Neal Sáles-Griffin: great. Well, you all are gonna actually understand each other's companies in about an hour. Are you all ready to talk about yourselves and what you do a little bit more, and answer questions
Neal Sáles-Griffin: hopefully.
Ankur Toshniwal: Let's do it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. Okay, alright. We'll see you then. I'm looking forward to it.
Antoine: Just I beat you in terms of of the 1st use, but not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Use it in like like 2,007 or 2,006
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 2, I think 2,006 or 2,005.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They came out.
Antoine: And but I but I don't.